INSPIRED BY TRUE EVENTS
SHADOWS OF A WOMAN
7 YEARS BEFORE THE CRIME
FAIRY TALE
THREE YEARS BEFORE THE CRIME
SANDCASTLE
WELCOME
HELLO, WHORE RIDER!
GOOD TO HAVE YOU BACK.
YOUR REVIEW IS UP!
SICKDICK23 COMMENTED ON YOUR REVIEW.
HIGH-END ESCORTS
YOUR REVIEWS
PROFILE: 39 YEARS OLD, ASIAN, MARRIED
STATUS: VIPCLASS DIAMOND
LAST VISIT: 1 DAY AGO
1 DAY AGO
YOUR REVIEWS
WONDERFUL WOMAN!
I LIKED HER
ABSOLUTELY PERFECT
ONE WEEK AGO
THAT MAKES MY
NEW LIFE BLOSSOM
WITH EVERY GESTURE
AND REVEALS
MY FLIGHT WAS CANCELED, DON'T WAIT UP
MARCOS: I CAN'T WAIT FOR YOU TO...
MARCOS: JESUS, YOU'RE SO HOT.
MENTAL HEALTH
WHERE R U BABE
R U COMING
18 HOURS AFTER THE CRIME
EYE OF THE STORM
HAS THE FEVER GONE DOWN?
HUMAN REMAINS FOUND IN COTIA
TELL ELIZE AND MOM…
SEND
DAY OF THE CRIME
ABYSS
IN 2016, A JURY FOUND ELIZE MATSUNAGA
GUILTY OF MURDERING
AND CONCEALING THE BODY
OF MARCOS KITANO MATSUNAGA.
THE JURY FOUND THAT MARCOS
WAS UNABLE TO DEFEND HIMSELF.
THE PROSECUTION'S ARGUMENT THAT THE
CRIME WAS MOTIVATED BY REVENGE,
MONEY, OR CRUELTY
WERE NOT ACCEPTED BY THE JURY.
IN 2019, THE SUPERIOR COURT OF JUSTICE SET
THE SENTENCE AT 16 YEARS AND 3 MONTHS
TAKING INTO ACCOUNT ELIZE'S CONFESSION.
HAVING SERVED TEN YEARS IN PRISON,
ELIZE HAS BEEN ON PAROLE SINCE MAY 2022.
MARCOS’S FAMILY IS SEEKING TO REMOVE
ELIZE'S SURNAME FROM THE CHILD,
AS WELL AS ANY OTHER LEGAL TIES TO THE MOTHER.
ELIZE NEVER SAW HER DAUGHTER AGAIN,
NOT EVEN IN PHOTOGRAPHS.